Parameter description: 

		-source xxxxx
			Sets datasource location.
			Valid download sources: 
				downloadplanet (default)
				downloadeurope
				downloadsweden
				downloadgermany

			Valid internet resources:
				URL starting with http:// or ftp://
				
			Valid local files:
				Any filename inside the workdir directory (pbf filetype)
		
		-update
			Updating the openstreetmap data source file and produces an up-to-the-minute fresh data file with the help from osmupdate tool. 
		
		-renderarea yyyyy
			Splits the updated data source file into smaller and smaller data files until each file could fit into memory of the render tool, then 
			feeds the datafiles to the render tool. (maperitive)

			Valid area sets the area to cover:
			Niemisel
			Falun
			Dalarna
			Scandinavia
			Niemisel
			vanernvatternmalarentest

			Or custom area as below:
			box=minLON;minLAT;maxLON;maxLAT			
			
			Example (Nuernberg):
			box=10.5;49;11.5;50

			An osm file can also be used as source of region. Node placement will determine what tiles to render.
			use with:
			
			file=mtbscale_germany.osm

		-verbose will give a verbose output in console

		-generatelowzoom (default is on)
			will create zoom levels 0-9 from level 10 tiles by stiching four tiles together to one and size reduced to 50%.
		
		-disablegeneratelowzoom
			will not create tiles in zoom level 0-9
				
		-firstaction nn
			Will skip early actions and start with the specified action (resume previous operation, or for debug purposes)
		
		-maxzoom
			Max render depth. Recommended: 13 to 16.
			
		-webroot xxxxx
			Specifies a custom webroot directory. for example c:\webroot
		
		-rules xxxxx
			Specifies a custom rendering ruleset (style). File must be placed in the rules folder. For example blackandwhite.mrules
		
		-minfilesize yyy
			Removes all rendered png images on the maxzoom level with smaller filesize then yyy bytes. (tune for removal of one colored images). 
			Saves up to 75% diskspace on oceans, middle of lakes etc, pure land etc...
			
		-keepdownloaded
			If a download is ordered, the file will be kept. If not set, the downloaded file will be removed when it is no longer needed.

		-keepintermediate
			During extraction, a lot of datafiles are produced. Use this flag to keep the files.  If not set, all produces intermediate files will be deleted when they are no longer needed.

		-lazyupdate
			Renders in two stages: first down to zoom level 14, if none of the png files have changed size abort rendering of deeper zoom levels.

